enhancement!: Support null values in log events (#1898)
timberio/vector: website/docs/about/data-model/log.md

Timestamps are represented as [`DateTime` Rust structs][urls.rust_date_time]
stored as UTC.

#### Null Values

> For compatibility with JSON log events also support `null` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For compatibility with JSON log events, Vector also supports `null` values.
```
